
Vol. II. No. 5.

THE NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC MAGAZINE.




PUBLISHED BY THE

NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC SOCIETY,

WASHINGTON, D. C.


Price, 25 Cents.




CONTENTS.

Announcement

Proceedings of the National Geographic Society

National Geographic Society:

    Report of the Secretaries

    Report of the Treasurer

    Report of the Auditing Committee

    Summary of Reports on the Mt. St. Elias Expedition

    By-Laws

    Standing Rules of the Board of Managers

    Rules relating to Publication

    Officers of the Society

    Members of the Society

Index to Volumes I and II

  APRIL, 1891.




THE NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC MAGAZINE.

Vol. II. 1890. No. 5.




ANNOUNCEMENT.


The NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC SOCIETY was organized in January, 1888, "to
increase and diffuse geographic knowledge." It is incorporated under
the laws of the District of Columbia, and has at present an active
membership of about four hundred.

The publication of a magazine was early determined upon as one of the
means of increasing and diffusing geographic knowledge; and two
volumes of _The National Geographic Magazine_ have been published in
the form of a quarterly journal.

During the past two years it has been found that the form of
publication adopted at the outset meets but imperfectly the needs of
the Society: in the first place, since the season of active work in
the Society includes the winter months only, there was an excess of
material for the two earlier numbers and a dearth of material for the
two later numbers of the volume; and in the second place, the
necessity for holding articles until sufficient material for a number
was received sometimes led to delay in publishing interesting and
important matter. Accordingly it has been decided to discontinue the
quarterly form and to publish the _Magazine_ in the form of a series
of brochures, each issued promptly as possible after reception of the
material. The details of this modified form of publication are set
forth elsewhere in this number of the _Magazine_.

While the _National Geographic Magazine_ is edited by and constitutes
the organ of the NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC SOCIETY, it is not limited to
this function; and, as was announced in the first number of the
journal, "its pages will be open to all persons interested in
geography in the hope that it may become a channel of
intercommunication, stimulate geographic investigation, and prove an
acceptable medium for the publication of results."

With the adoption of the modified form of the journal the publication
year was changed from one determined by the working season of the
SOCIETY to the calendar year; and it is to cover a hiatus in the
SOCIETY'S records growing out of this change that this fifth number of
Volume II is issued.

       *       *       *       *       *

The National Capital seems to be a natural and appropriate place for
an association of national character, and the aim of the founders has
been therefore to form a continental rather than a local Society. That
this aim has measurably succeeded is indicated by the fact that
although the NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC SOCIETY is only three years old there
are 57 non-resident members, distributed over 27 states and
territories.

       *       *       *       *       *

One of the means adopted by the NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC SOCIETY for
increasing geographic knowledge has been that of exploration. In the
spring of 1890 an expedition was sent out by the Society to explore
and survey the Mt. St. Elias alps of Alaska. The results of the
expedition include (1) new determinations of altitude and geographic
position for Mt. St. Elias and neighboring peaks; (2) a topographic
map of a considerable part of the Mt. St. Elias range with its
southwestern foothills and the slopes thence to the shores of the
Pacific; (3) an investigation of the glaciers of this alpine region;
(4) researches into the geology of the region; and (5) a study of the
range and its climatal and other conditions so complete as to prepare
the way for detailed surveys of the entire region.

A report on the Mt. St. Elias expedition, comprising about 150 pages
of letter-press with 20 plates and a number of other illustrations,
has just been sent to press as a part of Volume III of the _National
Geographic Magazine_.

As another means of carrying out the purposes of the SOCIETY, regular
fortnightly meetings are held for presenting scientific and popular
communications on geographic subjects, some of which are published in
the _National Geographic Magazine_. The Society also provides for the
delivery of public lectures in Washington upon explorations in
little-known countries and upon other geographic subjects. Within a
few months lectures have been delivered under the auspices of the
Society by eminent explorers or students on the following subjects:

  The Explorer in Egypt;
  Buried Cities of Ancient Egypt;
  Life among the Australian Cannibals;
  A Journey through China, Mongolia and Thibet;
  Korea and the Koreans;
  Results of the Mt. St. Elias Exploring Expedition.

The SOCIETY has in preparation a physical atlas of the United States.

There is no geographic or number limitation to membership in the
Society. The _National Geographic Magazine_ is sent free to members.

       *       *       *       *       *

Correspondence with the SOCIETY should be addressed to Mr. Marcus
Baker, Secretary, No. 1330 F Street, Washington, D. C.




PROCEEDINGS OF THE NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC SOCIETY.


ABSTRACT OF MINUTES.


_March 21, 1890. 37th meeting_.

Meeting held in Assembly Hall of the Cosmos Club. President Hubbard in
the chair. Attendance, 50.

Article V, paragraph one, of the By-laws was amended so as to read
"The annual dues of active members shall be five dollars and of
corresponding members two dollars, payable during the month of
January, or, in the case of new members, within thirty days after
election."

A discussion was then had on the subject of Geographic Nomenclature,
participated in by Messrs. H. G. Ogden, Gustave Herrle, Marcus Baker
and A. H. Thompson. _Published in The National Geographic Magazine.
8°. Washington, D. C. August, 1890. Vol. 2, no. 4, pp. 261-278._

Mr. L. R. Klemm made some remarks on "A new method of developing
geographic facts in teaching."


_April 4, 1890. 38th meeting_.

Meeting held in Assembly Hall of the Cosmos Club. Vice-President
Hayden in the chair. Attendance, 25.

Mr. Robert Stein read a paper on "Turkish rule in Armenia," which was
discussed by Mr. H. Garabed of Sis, Cilicia, Asia Minor, and by Mr.
Kenaston. _Not published._


_April 11, 1890. Special meeting._

Meeting held in the Lecture Hall of the National Museum.
Vice-President Hayden in the chair. Attendance, 850.

Ensign J. B. Bernadou, U. S. N., addressed the Society on "Korea and
the Koreans." His lecture was illustrated by lantern slides. _Revised
and published in The National Geographic Magazine. 8°. Washington,
D. C. August, 1890. Vol. 2, no. 4, pp. 231-242._


_April 18, 1890. 39th meeting._

Meeting held in the Assembly Hall of the Cosmos Club. Vice-President
Hayden in the chair. Attendance, 90.

Ensign Hugh Rodman, U. S. N., read a paper on "Icebergs and field ice
in the North Atlantic." The communication was illustrated by lantern
slides. _Published by the U. S. Hydrographic Office with this
title--No. 93. Report of ice and ice movements in the North Atlantic
Ocean, by Ensign Hugh Rodman, U. S. N., under the direction of Capt.
Henry F. Picking, U. S. N., Hydrographer. 8°. Washington, government
printing office. 1890. 26 pp. 1 folder, 4 maps._

The paper was briefly discussed by Mr. Hayden.


_May 2, 1890. 40th meeting._

Meeting held in the Lecture Hall of the National Museum.
Vice-President Ogden in the chair. Attendance, 450.

Mr. W. W. Rockhill read a paper giving an account of "A journey
through Mongolia, China and Thibet," made by him in 1888-1889. The
communication was illustrated by lantern slides. The material embodied
in this paper with much more on the same subject has been _published
in The Century. 8°. New York, 1890, Nov. Vol. 41, no. 1, pp. 1-17;
Dec. no. 2, pp. 250-263; Jan. 1891, no. 3, pp. 350-361; Feb. no. 4,
pp. 599-606; Mar. no. 5, pp. 720-730_.


_May 7, 1890. Special meeting._

Meeting held in the Assembly Hall of the Cosmos Club. President
Hubbard in the chair. Attendance, 50.

This was a special meeting called to consider the following
propositions.

_First:_ Methods of increasing membership.

_Second:_ The employment of a salaried assistant secretary.

_Third:_ The establishment of a monthly periodical.

_Fourth:_ The formation of sections, or auxiliary societies,
throughout the country.

Messrs. Baker, Blodgett, Gilbert, Goodfellow, Hayden, Hornaday, J. B.
Johnson, W. D. Johnson, Kenaston, McGee, Ogden, Gilbert Thompson, Weed
and Welling took part in the discussion of these propositions. There
was unanimity of sentiment as to the desirability of increasing the
membership and employing a salaried assistant secretary and editor.

With regard to the third and fourth propositions sentiment was
divided.

Action was taken by the adoption of the following:--

_Resolved:_ That the members of the Society pledge themselves
severally to use their best endeavors to obtain two new members each
for the Society, within the next ten days and report their names to
the Secretary of the Society.

_Resolved:_ That a committee of five, of which the President shall be
chairman, be appointed by the President for the purpose of devising
plans and raising means for carrying out the purposes for which the
Society is organized.

The President named as such committee,

  Messrs. Gardiner G. Hubbard, _Chairman_,
          Marcus Baker,
          Henry Gannett,
          A. W. Greely,
          Everett Hayden.


_May 16, 1890. 41st meeting._

Meeting held in the Assembly Hall of the Cosmos Club. Vice-President
Hayden in the chair. Attendance, 50.

Mr. Josiah Pierce, Jr., read a paper on "The Ordnance Survey of Great
Britain--its history and object," which was illustrated by numerous
maps and drawings. The paper was discussed by Messrs. Baker, Bartle,
Gannett, Gilbert, W. D. Johnson, Littlehales, Gilbert Thompson and the
author. _Published in The National Geographic Magazine. 8°.
Washington, D. C. August, 1890. Vol. 2, no. 4, pp. 243-260._


---- SUMMER VACATION. ----


_November 26, 1890. Special meeting._

Meeting held in Lincoln Music Hall. Hon. W. T. Harris presided.
Attendance, 800.

Mr. I. C. Russell delivered an address on the results of the
exploration made by him under the auspices of the National Geographic
Society, last summer, in the vicinity of Mt. St. Elias, Alaska. The
address was illustrated by wall maps and lantern slides. A full report
of this exploration _will be published in The National Geographic
Magazine. An article on the subject is also expected to appear in The
Century, April, 1890._


_November 28, 1890. 42d meeting._

Meeting held in the Assembly Hall of the Cosmos Club. President
Hubbard in the chair. Attendance, 90.

The chair announced the election to membership since the meeting of
May 23, 1890, of 148 new members.

Mr. Mark B. Kerr read a paper on the results of his surveys last
summer in company with Mr. I. C. Russell in the vicinity of Mt. St.
Elias, Alaska. The paper was discussed by Messrs. Abbe, Baker, Dall,
Gannett, Gilbert, Ogden and Woodward. _Revised and published in
Scribner's Magazine. 8°. New York, 1891, March, Vol. 9, no. 3, pp.
361-372._

Mr. I. C. Russell exhibited a painting of Taku Glacier, Alaska, made
by Mr. Keith, of San Francisco, and made a few explanatory remarks
thereon.


_December 12, 1890. 43d meeting._

Meeting held in the Lecture Hall of the Columbian University.
Vice-President Hayden in the chair. Attendance, 200.

Ensign J. M. Ellicott, U. S. N., delivered an address, illustrated by
lantern slides, on "Surveys executed by the U. S. S. Ranger in Lower
California." _Not yet published._


_December 19, 1890. Special meeting._

Meeting held in the Lecture Hall of the Columbian University.
Vice-President Ogden in the chair. Attendance, 100.

The President, Gardiner G. Hubbard, delivered his annual address, on
the subject "South America." _Published in The National Geographic
Magazine. 8°. Washington, D. C. March, 1891. Vol. 3, pp. 1-30._


_December 26, 1890. 44th (3d annual) meeting._

Meeting held in the Assembly Hall of the Cosmos Club.

The annual report of the Secretaries was presented. _Printed on pages
296-298._

The annual report of the Treasurer was presented and referred to an
auditing committee consisting of Messrs. P. H. Christie, R. D. Cummin
and S. A. Aplin, Jr. _Printed on pages 299, 300._

The annual election of officers, for 1891, was then held with the
following result:

  _President_--Gardiner G. Hubbard.

  _Vice-Presidents_--H. G. Ogden [land];
                     Everett Hayden [sea];
                     A. W. Greely [air];
                     C. Hart Merriam [life];
                     Henry Gannett [art].

  _Treasurer_--Charles J. Bell.

  _Recording Secretary_--Marcus Baker.

  _Corresponding Secretary_--C. A. Kenaston.

  _Managers_--Rogers Birnie, Jr.,
              G. K. Gilbert,
              G. Brown Goode,
              W. D. Johnson,
              W J McGee,
              T. C. Mendenhall,
              W. B. Powell,
              B. H. Warder.


_January 9, 1891. 45th meeting._

Meeting held in the Assembly Hall of the Cosmos Club. President
Hubbard in the chair. Attendance, 30.

Report of the auditing committee appointed at the last meeting was
presented and adopted. _Printed on page 301._

Article IV of the By-laws was amended by striking out the following
clause: "The Vice-Presidents, together with the two Secretaries, shall
constitute a committee of the Board of Managers on Communications and
Publications."

Vice-President Hayden, Department of the Sea, and Vice-President
Merriam, Department of Life, presented their annual reports. _Not yet
published._


_January 23, 1891. 46th meeting._

Meeting held in the Assembly Hall of the Cosmos Club. President
Hubbard in the chair. Attendance, 35.

Vice-President Greely, Department of the Air, and Vice-President
Ogden, Department of the Land, presented their annual reports. _Not
yet published._


_February 6, 1891. 47th meeting._

Meeting held in the Assembly Hall of the Cosmos Club. President
Hubbard in the chair. Attendance, 50.

The meeting was devoted to an account of the U. S. S. Pensacola
expedition to the west coast of Africa.

Mr. Cleveland Abbe described the cruise in general terms and gave some
account of the geodetic surveys executed in and the climate of South
Africa.

Mr. Heli Chattelaine, of Switzerland, read a paper on the Dialects and
Folk-Lore of the Portugese portion of West Africa.

Mr. Frank H. Bigelow read a paper on the island of Ascension.


_February 13, 1891. Special meeting._

Meeting held in the Assembly Hall of the Cosmos Club. Vice-President
Greely in the chair. Attendance, 225.

Hon. Geo. B. Loring, Ex-U. S. Minister to Portugal, delivered an
address upon the "Kingdom of Portugal." _Not published._


_February 20, 1891. 48th meeting._

Meeting held in the Assembly Hall of the Cosmos Club. Vice-President
Hayden in the chair. Attendance, 40.

Mr. F. H. Newell read a paper on "Natural Gas and Oil in the Eastern
United States." This paper was discussed by Mr. W J McGee.

Mr. C. D. Walcott read a paper on "The North American Continent during
the Cambrian." This paper was discussed by Messrs. Gilbert and McGee.
It is planned to publish the paper in _The National Geographic
Magazine, Vol. 3_.


_February 27, 1891. Special meeting._

Meeting held in the Assembly Hall of the Cosmos Club. Vice-President
Greely in the chair. Attendance, 225.

Major C. E. Dutton, U. S. A. delivered an address upon "The Hawaiian
Islands: their scenery, volcanoes, people, and politics, with a few
words about the reciprocity treaty with the United States."


Foregoing abstract prepared by the secretaries March 2, 1891.




NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC SOCIETY.




THIRD ANNUAL REPORT OF THE SECRETARIES.

PRESENTED TO THE SOCIETY, DECEMBER 26, 1890.


_Membership._--The Society was organized in January, 1888, with a
total membership of 165.

At the close of its first year, in December, 1888, the membership was
209. At the close of the second year, in December, 1889, the
membership was 228; and the present membership is 392.[1]

[Footnote 1: The membership has since increased to 399, as shown by
the summary on p. 334.]

Since the last annual meeting the membership has been increased by the
election of 190 new members. It has been decreased by the resignation
of 10 members, by the death of 1 member (Capt. C. O. Boutelle) and by
the dropping of 15 members for non-payment of dues. The net increase
has thus been 164, and the present total membership is 392 as above
stated.

This membership is classified as follows:

  Active members             331
  Corresponding members       57
  Life members                 4
                             ---
    Total number of members  392

At the beginning of the year, corresponding members paid no dues. On
March 20 of this year, however, the By-Laws were so amended as to
require these members to pay annual dues of $2.00, such payment
entitling them to the publications of the Society.

_Meetings._--The Society has held 22 meetings during the year, of
which, 13 were regular meetings for the reading and discussion of
papers, 4 were public lectures at which an admission fee was charged,
1 was a field meeting at the Great Falls of the Potomac on May 21, 1
was a special meeting for considering ways and means for increasing
the Society's usefulness, 1 was the meeting for presentation of the
annual address of the President for 1889 (delayed by reason of absence
of the President from the city), 1 was the meeting for the
presentation of the President's address for 1890, and 1 the annual
meeting for the election of officers and transaction of business.

At the regular meetings for the reading and discussion of papers, the
average attendance was 170, the highest being 850 and the lowest 25.

The Board of Managers have held 23 meetings for transacting the
business of the Society, of which 13 were regular and 10 were special
meetings. The highest attendance of the 17 members composing the Board
was 13, and on several occasions there has been no quorum.

_Changes in the Board._--On November 5, the Recording Secretary, Mr.
Henry Gannett, resigned, and the Board of Managers filled the vacancy
by electing Mr. Marcus Baker in his place. The Board then elected Mr.
Gannett as one of the Managers. On December 9, Mr. O. H. Tittmann
resigned the office of Corresponding Secretary, and Dr. J. C. Welling
resigned from the Board of Managers. The vacancies thus created have
not been filled.

_Explorations._--In the month of May the Board of Managers decided to
send a party to the vicinity of Mt. St. Elias, Alaska, for the purpose
of making geographic and geologic exploration and survey. Funds for
the purpose were obtained in part from the treasury of the Society, in
part from private subscription and in part from the coöperation of the
U. S. Geological Survey. Mr. I. C. Russell, Geologist of the U. S.
Geological Survey, was placed in charge of the party and of geologic
work, and Mr. Mark B. Kerr, Topographer, also of the U. S. Geological
Survey, was sent in charge of the topographic work.

Through the kindly coöperation of the U. S. Navy Department and of the
U. S. Revenue Marine, both of which furnished transportation, the
party reached the field of work and was brought away at the close of
their labors without mishap or loss of time. The party, consisting all
told of nine persons, were enabled to spend about three months in
exploration and survey of a most interesting and unknown region filled
with gigantic mountains smothered in glaciers. An area of several
hundred square miles was mapped, mountain peaks climbed, heights
measured, photographs made and numerous and interesting notes
obtained. A final report of this, the Society's first venture in
exploration, is now in preparation and its publication by the Society
is expected in a short time.

_Publications._--During the year the Society has published volume II
of the National Geographic Magazine. This volume contains 285 pages,
together with maps and illustrations, and was issued in four numbers,
in April, May, July and August.

  MARCUS BAKER,
  C. A. KENASTON,
    Secretaries.




REPORT OF THE TREASURER.

PRESENTED TO THE SOCIETY, DECEMBER 26, 1890.


_To the President and Members of the National Geographic Society:_

I have the honor to submit herewith my annual report showing receipts
and disbursements for the fiscal year ending December 26, 1890.

As will be seen by the report, the receipts from dues for 1890 amount
to $1289.00 against $865.00 for 1889, showing an increase of $424.00.

The assets of the Society consist of--

  Note of M. N. Thompson, secured by deed of trust, $750 00
  Cash with Bell & Co.                                41 62
  Dues for 1890, unpaid                              260 00
                                                    -------
                                                   $1051 62

  Respectfully submitted,
    C. J. BELL, Treasurer.


  THE TREASURER in account with the NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC SOCIETY.

  1890.
           To balance on hand, December 26, 1889               $63 82
  Dec. 26.  " cash rec'd for dues of 1889             $95 00
            "      "      "      "   1890            1289 00
            "      "      "      "   1891              62 00
            "      "      "      "   1892               5 00
            "      "      "   Life Membership          50 00
                                                     -------  1501 00
            "      "     from Lectures                         834 38
            "      "      "   Interest on Loan                  45 00
            "      "      "   Sales of Magazines                38 75
                                                              -------
                                                             $2482 95

  1890.
  Dec. 26. By cash paid for Magazine, No. 1, Vol. 2  $148 10
            "       "        "         "  2   "       215 80
            "       "        "         "  3   "       188 53
            "       "        "         "  4   "       140 83
                                                      ------  $693 26
            "       "   Expenses of Lectures                   815 30
            "       "   Subscription to Alaska Explor. Fund    517 66
            "       "   Printing, Stationery, Postage, etc.    308 66
            "       "   Clerk hire                              65 00
            "       "   Cosmos Club Rent                        33 00
            "       "   Sundries                                 8 45
            " balance on hand (on deposit with Bell & Co.)      41 62
                                                              -------
                                                             $2482 95

  Washington, D. C., 26th December, 1890.




REPORT OF THE AUDITING COMMITTEE.

PRESENTED TO THE SOCIETY, JANUARY 9, 1891.


_To the President and Members of the National Geographic Society:_--

We, a committee appointed at the annual meeting of the Society to
audit the accounts of the Treasurer for the rear ending December 31,
1890, beg to submit the following report:

The statement of the receipts, consisting of dues from members,
receipts from lectures, interest on loan and sale of magazines, has
been examined and found correct.

The vouchers for expenditures and checks in payment therefor have been
examined, compared and found correct.

We have examined the bank book, showing the account with Messrs. Bell
& Co., and found the balance to be $41.62 as stated.

The Treasurer also showed us a note for $750 which is mentioned as
part of the assets of the Society.

  P. H. CHRISTIE,
  ROBT. D. CUMMIN,
  S. A. APLIN. JR.,
    _Committee_.




SUMMARY OF REPORTS ON THE MT. ST. ELIAS EXPEDITION.


During the year 1890, the National Geographic Society made its first
venture in exploration. This venture consisted in raising funds,
organizing and sending to the vicinity of Mt. St. Elias, Alaska, a
small party in charge of Mr. I. C. Russell to make geographic and
geologic studies. The following is a condensed account of the
enterprise, taken largely from reports of committees and other records
not otherwise published.

During the spring months of 1890, the Board of Managers of the
National Geographic Society considered from time to time ways and
means for carrying out the declared purpose of the Society "to
increase and diffuse geographic knowledge." The advisability of
undertaking some exploratory work was discussed. That geographic
knowledge could be _diffused_ by lectures and by publications was
obvious. But to _increase_ geographic knowledge other means were
clearly necessary. Exploration seemed the most obvious mode for
accomplishing this increase. What particular exploration should be
undertaken was then considered. A proposition to aid in continuing the
researches of Mr. W. W. Rockhill, in Thibet, was made but was given up
on account of the expense, which seemed beyond the means of the
Society. Later a proposition by Mr. W. D. Johnson that the Society
should send a party to the vicinity of Mt. St. Elias, Alaska, was
submitted and adopted provisionally, the proviso relating to success
in securing the necessary funds. This proposition was submitted to the
Board of Managers May 20, and adopted May 23, 1890.

Four days later, viz., on May 27, 1890, a largely attended special
meeting of the Board went over the whole matter. It was submitted that
the probable cost of the expedition would be about $3500; that of this
sum about $2500 had already been paid or pledged and that 13 persons
had signed a joint note for $1000 by which to secure the needful
balance and insure the departure of the expedition. Furthermore it was
submitted that the Secretary of the Navy had directed the U. S. S.
Pinta to transport the party from Sitka to Yakutat Bay and return, and
the Director of the U. S. Geological Survey had authorized the detail
of Mr. I. C. Russell, geologist, and Mr. Mark B. Kerr, topographer,
for the scientific work of the expedition.

A long and earnest discussion was had on the advisability of starting
the expedition out on this basis. The lateness of the season and the
low condition of the funds were urged as reasons for delaying till
next year. It was finally decided, however, by a vote of 7 to 5 to
adopt the proposition now and start the expedition forthwith.

Thus, by the aid and coöperation of the U. S. Geological Survey and of
the Secretary of the Navy, the expedition was organized. Mr. I. C.
Russell, geologist, was placed in charge, and Mr. Mark B. Kerr was
assigned as topographer of the party. The plan of work was to proceed
to Yakutat Bay and to study and map as large an area in the vicinity
of Mt. St. Elias as practicable. It was also planned to redetermine
the height of the mountain, and, if practicable, to ascend it.

The party consisted all told of ten persons; Messrs. Russell and Kerr
before mentioned, Mr. E. S. Hosmer, a volunteer assistant from
Washington, and seven camp hands, hired in Seattle, of whom James H.
Christie was foreman. On June 17, they sailed on the steamer Queen for
Sitka, where, on arriving, they found the U. S. S. Pinta in readiness
to take them to Yakutat, in accordance with instructions previously
received from the Secretary of the Navy. They were at once transferred
with all their outfit from the Queen to the Pinta, and sailed for
Yakutat Bay, arriving June 25, in fog and rain.

Three days later the party, with all stores and equipment, had been
landed; and bidding good-bye to the courteous officers of the Pinta,
they entered upon the serious work of the season.

The area to be examined was found to consist of a majestic mountain
range, trending southeast and northwest, in front of which was a
broad, ice-covered plateau. The range is snow-clad down to a level of
1500 feet above the sea, and is filled with glaciers of vast
magnitude. Excursions into this area and a study of its glacial and
geological phenomena were at once begun. At the same time Mr. Kerr
measured a base line and began the work of mapping the region. A
system of triangulation starting from this measured base was carried
on, the prominent peaks were located by intersection, and heights were
determined by vertical angles. Sketches and photographs were taken
from many points, and before the season closed, sufficient material
was gathered to make a fairly good map of an area of about 1000 square
miles.

The topographic work having been well started and a base camp
established, the party took up the line of march toward Mt. St. Elias.
On the first of August they found themselves midway between Yakutat
Bay and St. Elias, but still at the base of the mountains. Most of the
way to this point the journey had been made over crevassed ice. The
party continued to push on, and after twenty days of very severe labor
above the snow line reached and camped at the base of St. Elias. From
this camp, at an elevation of about 9,000 feet, the party started at 3
o'clock in the morning for the final climb to the summit of the
mountain, but were beaten back by a prolonged and severe storm with
heavy fall of snow. Two days later a second attempt was made, but
another snow storm broke over the mountains as suddenly as the first.
The deep snow accumulated by these two storms prevented all further
progress, and the party reluctantly turned back. They continued to
travel about in the region, while wending their way slowly back to
Yakutat, gathering interesting and valuable geographic and geologic
data. On the 20th of September they arrived at Yakutat Bay, having had
almost continuous stormy weather since the attempted climb of the
mountain. Two days after their arrival at Yakutat the U. S. Revenue
Cutter Corwin, Capt. C. L. Hooper commanding, was seen steaming up the
bay. Acting on his own judgment, and knowing that the explorers would
fare badly if left at Yakutat until winter set in, Capt. Hooper had
come from Sitka especially for the party, which was taken on board
Sept. 24, and conveyed directly to Port Townsend, Washington, where it
arrived October 2 and disbanded, Messrs. Russell and Kerr returning to
Washington.

Various newspaper accounts of this expedition have been published, as
well as articles in several magazines, notably in Scribner's, and the
Century. The full official report with map and illustrations will be
published hereafter in the _National Geographic Magazine_.




BY-LAWS.

AS ADOPTED WITH AMENDMENTS UP TO JANUARY 9, 1891.


ARTICLE I. NAME.

The name of this Society is the "NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC SOCIETY."


ARTICLE II. OBJECT.

The object of this Society is the increase and diffusion of geographic
knowledge.


ARTICLE III. MEMBERSHIP.

The members of this Society shall be persons who are interested in
geographic science. There may be three classes of members, active,
corresponding, and honorary.

Active members only shall be members of the corporation; shall be
entitled to vote and may hold office.

Persons residing at a distance from the District of Columbia may
become corresponding members of the Society. They may attend its
meetings, take part in its proceedings, and contribute to its
publications.

Persons who have attained eminence by the promotion of geographic
science may become honorary members.

Corresponding members may be transferred to active membership, and,
conversely, active members may be transferred to corresponding
membership by the Board of Managers.

The election of members shall be entrusted to the Board of Managers.
Nominations for membership shall be signed by three active members of
the Society; shall state the qualifications of the candidate; and
shall be presented to the Recording Secretary. No nomination shall
receive action by the Board of Managers until it has been before it at
least two weeks, and no candidate shall be elected unless he receive
at least nine affirmative votes.


ARTICLE IV. OFFICERS.

The Officers of the Society shall be a President, five
Vice-Presidents, a Treasurer, a Recording Secretary, and a
Corresponding Secretary.

The above mentioned officers, together with eight other members of the
Society, known as Managers, shall constitute a Board of Managers.
Officers and Managers shall be elected annually, by ballot, a majority
of the votes cast being necessary to an election; they shall hold
office until their successors are elected; and shall have power to
fill vacancies occurring during the year.

The President, or, in his absence, one of the Vice-Presidents, shall
preside at the meetings of the Society and of the Board of Managers;
he shall, together with the Recording Secretary, sign all written
contracts and obligations of the Society, and attest its corporate
seal; he shall deliver an annual address to the Society.

Each Vice-President shall represent in the Society and in the Board of
Managers a department of geographic science, as follows:

  Geography of the Land.
  Geography of the Sea.
  Geography of the Air.
  Geography of Life.
  Geographic Art.

The Vice-Presidents shall foster their respective departments within
the Society; they shall present annually to the Society summaries of
the work done throughout the world in their several departments.

They shall be elected to their respective departments by the Society.

The Treasurer shall have charge of the funds of the Society, shall
collect the dues, and shall disburse under the direction of the Board
of Managers; he shall make an annual report; and his accounts shall be
audited annually by a committee of the Society and at such other times
as the Board of Managers may direct.

The Secretaries shall record the proceedings of the Society and of the
Board of Managers; shall conduct the correspondence of the Society;
and shall make an annual report.

The Board of Managers shall transact all the business of the Society,
except such as may be presented at the annual meeting. It shall
formulate rules for the conduct of its business. Nine members of the
Board of Managers shall constitute a quorum.


ARTICLE V. DUES.

The annual dues of active members shall be five dollars, and of
corresponding members two dollars, payable during the month of
January, or, in the case of new members, within thirty days after
election.

The dues of members elected in November and December shall be credited
to the succeeding year.

Annual dues may be commuted and life membership acquired by the
payment of fifty dollars.

No member in arrears shall vote at the annual meeting, and the names
of members two years in arrears shall be dropped from the roll of
membership.


ARTICLE VI. MEETINGS.

Regular meetings of the Society shall be held on alternate Fridays,
from November until May, and excepting the annual meeting they shall
be devoted to communications. The Board of Managers shall, however,
have power to postpone or omit meetings, when deemed desirable.
Special meetings may be called by the President.

The annual meeting for the election of officers shall be the last
regular meeting in December.

The meeting preceding the annual meeting shall be devoted to the
President's annual address.

The reports of the retiring Vice-Presidents shall be presented in
January.

A quorum for the transaction of business shall consist of twenty-five
active members.


ARTICLE VII. AMENDMENTS.

These by-laws may be amended by a two-thirds vote of the members
present at a regular meeting, provided that notice of the proposed
amendment has been given in writing at a regular meeting at least four
weeks previously.




STANDING RULES OF THE BOARD OF MANAGERS.

ADOPTED JANUARY 16, 1891.


1.--The President, Vice-Presidents and Secretaries of the Society
shall hold like offices in the Board of Managers.

2.--The President shall have power to call special meetings of the
Board of Managers and to appoint special committees. He shall, also,
at the beginning of each year appoint a Standing Committee, of three
persons, on Communications; a Standing Committee, of three persons, on
Publications; and three delegates, of which he shall be chairman, to
serve on the Joint Commission.

3.--The Treasurer shall receive all dues and other income of the
Society; shall keep its accounts; and shall disburse its funds under
the direction of the Board of Managers.

4.--One of the Secretaries shall act as the Secretary of the Board and
the other as Secretary of the Society; and both Secretaries shall be
excused from serving on committees.

5.--The Committee on Communications shall receive and consider all
communications, and propositions relating to communications, designed
for delivery before the Society, and shall prepare programmes for all
meetings.

6.--The Committee on Publications shall have charge of the
publications of the Society.

7.--At the beginning of each year the Secretary shall submit an
estimate of the revenues of the Society for the current year,
whereupon, the Board shall make itemized appropriations for the
different classes of regular expenditures. All expenditures not
included in these regular allotments must be specially authorized by
the Board. Charges against the regular allotments will be paid by the
Treasurer upon the certification of the officer or chairman of the
committee incurring the expenditures.

8.--The names of proposed members, recommended in conformity with
Article III of the By-Laws, may be presented at any meeting of the
Board of Managers and shall lie over at least two weeks before final
action.

9.--The order of business at the regular meetings of the Board of
Managers shall be as follows:

  _a_. Reading of minutes.

  _b_. Communications from the President, Secretaries or Treasurer and
         action thereon.

  _c_. Reports of committees and action thereon.

  _d_. Election of members.

  _e_. Nominations for membership.

  _f_. Miscellaneous business.

10.--The order of business for each regular meeting of the Society
shall be as follows:

  _a_. Reading of the minutes of the last meeting.

  _b_. Notice of the election of new members and other notices and
         correspondence of the Society.

  _c_. The presentation of papers and their discussion.

11.--The order of business for the annual meeting shall be as follows:

  _a_. The reading of the minutes of the last annual meeting.

  _b_. The presentation of the annual reports of the Secretaries.

  _c_. The presentation of the annual report of the Treasurer.

  _d_. The selection of a committee to audit the accounts of the
         Treasurer.

  _e_. The announcement of a posted list of the names of members who
         are entitled to vote for the election of officers.

  _f_. The election of a President.

  _g_. The election of five Vice-Presidents, in the order named in the
         By-Laws.

  _h_. The election of a Treasurer.

  _i_. The election of a Recording Secretary.

  _j_. The election of a Corresponding Secretary.

  _k_. The election of eight Managers.

  _l_. Unfinished business.

  _m_. The reading of the rough minutes of the meeting.

The election of officers shall be as follows:

In each case nominations shall be made by an informal ballot: the
result of each informal ballot having been announced, the first formal
ballot shall be taken. An informal ballot may be made formal by a
majority vote. Each of the Vice-Presidents shall be elected to his
position separately.

In the ballot for Managers, as many names may be written on the ballot
as there are Managers to be elected, and those persons receiving a
majority on each formal ballot shall be declared elected. If more than
the number to be elected receive a majority, those receiving the
greatest number of votes shall be declared chosen.

12.--It is not permitted to report the proceedings of the Society for
publication, except by authority of the Board of Managers.

13.--These rules may be amended by a majority vote, notice having been
given two weeks in advance.




RULES RELATING TO PUBLICATION.

ADOPTED BY THE BOARD OF MANAGERS FEBRUARY 6, 1891.


_Form of Publication_.

SECTION 1. The National Geographic Society will continue to publish a
serial entitled _The National Geographic Magazine_.

SEC. 2. This serial shall be published in covered parts or brochures,
consecutively paged for each volume. The brochures shall be designated
by volume numbers and limiting pages; and each shall bear a special
title setting forth the contents and authorship, as well as the title
of the serial and the seal and imprint of the Society, and, in
addition, the precise date of publication.

SEC. 3. A brochure may consist of a single memoir or article, in which
case twenty-five copies will be furnished to the author without
charge, and the author may order or authorize the order of any
additional number of copies; and the shorter papers, abstracts,
reviews, notes and miscellaneous matter may be collected and issued as
brochures uniform with those containing the memoirs.

SEC. 4. The brochures of the serial shall be arranged for gathering
into volumes, each comprising the issue of a calendar year; and about
the close of each year there shall be published in a brochure arranged
to complete the volume a title-page, a list of contents, and an index
for the corresponding volume, together with an abstract of the
proceedings of the Society and lists of officers and members for the
year, and a copy of the by-laws and rules governing the Society.


_Matter of Publication_.

SEC. 5. The matter published in the National Geographic Magazine, may
comprise: (1) original communications prepared by members or guests of
the National Geographic Society presented at meetings by title or
otherwise; (2) original communications or memoirs prepared for the
Magazine either by members or non-members, whether presented before
the Society or not; (3) translations or abstracts of important foreign
publications relating to geography, reviews of geographic works, items
of geographic intelligence, etc.; (4) abstracts of papers read and
discussions made before the Society, prepared or revised by authors;
(5) administrative records of the Society, including condensed minutes
of meetings prepared by the secretaries; (6) lists of members, by-laws
and rules, resolutions of permanent character, etc.; and (7) title
pages, lists of contents and indexes for each volume.

SEC. 6. Matter designed for publication in the National Geographic
Magazine may be transmitted to the Committee on Publications either
direct or through the secretaries or other officers of the Society:
soon as may be thereafter the Committee shall decide on the
desirability and expediency of publication, or refer the matter to the
Board of Managers for decision; if the matter is accepted it shall be
published soon as practicable; if rejected it shall be returned to the
author. Communications from non-members and translated memoirs shall
be published only upon unanimous vote of the Committee on Publications
or by specific authority from the Board of Managers. The Committee on
Publications or the Board of Managers may refer any communication to
special committees for examination.

SEC. 7. Matter offered for publication in the National Geographic
Magazine becomes thereby the property of the National Geographic
Society and shall not be published elsewhere prior to publication in
the Magazine except by consent of the Society.

SEC. 8. Matter accepted for publication in the National Geographic
Magazine shall be either printed and issued soon as possible as a
memoir-brochure or reserved for the next brochure of miscellaneous
contents (or magazine-brochure) at the option of the Committee on
Publications. Proofs of letter-press and illustrations shall be
submitted to authors or persons designated by authors whenever
practicable; but printing shall not be delayed more that one week by
reason of absence or incapacity of authors.


_Manner of Publication_.

SEC. 9. The text of each brochure of the National Geographic Magazine
shall begin under its proper title on an odd-numbered page bearing at
its head the title of the serial, the volume, the limiting pages, and
the date of publication; each such brochure shall be accompanied by
the illustrations pertaining to it, the plates consecutively numbered
for the volume; and each brochure may contain a synoptic list of
contents prepared by the author and, at the option of the Committee on
Publications, an alphabetic index, provided the same be prepared by
the author. Each brochure shall be enclosed in a cover conforming
nearly as may be to the present covers of the serial, bearing at the
head of its title-page the title of the serial, the volume, the
limiting pages, the date of publication, and, below, the seal and
imprint of the Society; other cover pages may bear a list of the
publications of the Society; but nothing else of bibliographic or
other permanent value shall be printed on the covers unless the same
be printed also in the body of the volume to which the brochure
belongs.

SEC. 10. The author of each memoir shall receive twenty-five copies
without charge and shall be authorized to order, through the Committee
on Publications, any edition of exactly similar brochures in exactly
similar covers to be printed as author's separates at cost of paper
and press work; but no author's separates of the memoir-brochures
shall be issued except in this regular form.

SEC. 11. At least two magazine-brochures maybe published during each
year, the first about the close of the meeting season of the Society,
and the second about the close of the calendar year.

SEC. 12. Authors of papers in the magazine-brochures shall have the
privilege of ordering, through the Committee on Publications, at their
own cost, any number of separate copies, provided these separates bear
the original pagination and a printed reference to the serial and
volume from which they are extracted.

SEC. 13. About the end of each year a volume-title-page, general lists
of contents and illustrations of the volume, lists of officers and
members of the Society, the by-laws and rules, an abstract of the
proceedings for the year, and a general index to the volume shall be
printed and issued as a separate brochure. All of this matter except
the index shall be arranged for binding at the beginning of the volume
under a distinct Roman pagination; but the index shall take the
regular Arabic pagination at the end of the volume. The title-page
shall bear the name of the Committee on Publications; and the obverse
shall bear the imprimatur of the Board of Managers and the printer's
card.

SEC. 14. The bottom of each signature and of each initial page shall
bear a signature mark giving an abbreviated title of the serial, the
volume and the year; and every page shall be numbered, the initial and
sub-title pages at the bottom.

SEC. 15. The page-head titles shall be: on even-numbered pages, name
of author and catch title of paper; on odd-numbered pages, catch title
of contents of page.

SEC. 16. All brochures shall be trimmed at top, side and bottom.

SEC. 17. The typography, paper and general make up shall conform,
except as herein otherwise specified, nearly as may be to the National
Geographic Magazine as heretofore published.

SEC. 18. The date of publication of each brochure shall be that upon
which the edition is delivered to the Committee on Publications.

SEC. 19. The brochures shall be distributed immediately by the
Committee on Publications to members of the Society, subscribers, and
exchanges from a list furnished by the Secretaries; and the
undistributed copies of each edition shall be turned over to the
Secretaries.

SEC. 20. The regular edition shall be seven hundred and fifty copies
for the Society, and twenty-five copies for authors.

SEC. 21. The Committee on Publications shall keep a record of all
matter published wholly or in part under the auspices of the Society
whether the same be author's editions of the memoir-brochures,
author's extracts from the magazine-brochures, or any other matter
printed from type originally composed for the Magazine.

SEC. 22. The Magazine shall be mailed free to members of the Society
not in arrears for dues more than six months, and also to exchanges,
and for an annual price of three dollars to regular subscribers. The
separate brochures may be sold, to the number of not more than ten to
each individual, at an advance on cost of 25 per cent. to members and
75 per cent. to non-members of the Society; and either separate
brochures or complete volumes may be sold to dealers at the usual
discount for matter of the same class.

SEC. 23. The Committee on Publications may introduce at discretion
advertisements of proper character, on pages provided for the purpose
not taking the regular pagination of the Magazine, at the usual rates
for such service.




OFFICERS OF THE SOCIETY.

1891.


_President_.

GARDINER G. HUBBARD.


_Vice-Presidents_.

HERBERT G. OGDEN.
EVERETT HAYDEN.
A. W. GREELY.
C. HART MERRIAM.
HENRY GANNETT.


_Treasurer_.

CHARLES J. BELL.


_Secretaries_.

MARCUS BAKER.             C. A. KENASTON.


_Managers_.

ROGERS BIRNIE, JR.        W J MCGEE.
G. K. GILBERT.            T. C. MENDENHALL.
G. BROWN GOODE.           W. B. POWELL.
WILLARD D. JOHNSON.       B. H. WARDER.




MEMBERS OF THE SOCIETY.

MARCH 25, 1891.


_a_, original members.

_c_, corresponding members.

_l_, life members.

* Deceased.

In cases where no city is given in the address, Washington, D. C., is
to be understood.


ABBE, PROF. CLEVELAND, _a_, _l_,
  Army Signal Office.

ABERT, S. THAYER (Silvanus Thayer),
  1108 G Street.

ACKERMAN, ENS. A. A. (Albert Ammerman), U. S. N., _c_,
  Navy Department.

ACKLEY, LIEUT. COMDR. S. M. (Seth Mitchell), U. S. N.,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

ADDISON, A. D. (Arthur D----)
  Metropolitan Club.

AHERN, LIEUT. GEORGE P. (George Patrick), U. S. A., _c_,
  Fort Shaw, Mont.

AHERN, JEREMIAH,
  Geological Survey.

AINSWORTH, J. T. (Judah Throop),
  Geological Survey.

ALLEN, DR. J. A. (Joel Asaph),
  American Museum Natural History, New York, N. Y.

ALTON, EDMUND,
  Wormley's Hotel.

APLIN, S. A., JR. (Stephen Arnold),
  Geological Survey.

ASPINWALL, REV. J. A. (John Abel),
  17 Dupont Circle.

ATKINSON, W. R. (William Russum), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

AYERS, MISS S. C. (Susan Caroline), _a_,
  502 A Street SE.

BABB, CYRUS C. (Cyrus Cates),
  Geological Survey.

BAILEY, WILLIAM E. (William E----), _c_,
  Seattle, Wash.

BAKER, DR. FRANK, _a_,
  Smithsonian Institution.

BAKER, MARCUS, _a_,
  Geological Survey.

BALDWIN, H. L., JR. (Harry Lewis), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

BARCLAY, A. C. (Alexander Campbell),
  Geological Survey.

BARKER, COMDR. A. S. (Albert Smith), U. S. N.,
  Navy Department.

BARNARD, E. C. (Edward Chester), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

BARNES, CHARLES A. (Charles Adams), _c_,
  P. O. Box 1198, Seattle, Wash.

BARROLL, LIEUT. HENRY H. (Henry Harris), U. S. N., _c_,
  Navy Department.

BARTLE, R. F. (Rudolph Francis),
  947 Virginia Avenue SW.

BARTLETT, COMDR. J. R. (John Russell), U. S. N., _a_,
  Providence, R. I.

BARTLETT, P. V. S. (Pliny Van Syckle),
  Geological Survey.

BASS, D. W. (Daniel Waldo), _c_,
  15-17 Starr-Boyd Building, Seattle, Wash.

BASSETT, C. C. (Charles Chester), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

BATCHELDER, C. F. (Charles Foster), _c_,
  7 Kirkland Street, Cambridge, Mass.

BAUER, LOUIS A. (Louis Agricola),
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

BAUSCH, PAUL,
  War Department.

BAXTER, DAVID N. (David N----), _c_,
  Seattle, Wash.

BELL, A. GRAHAM (Alexander Graham), _a_,
  1336 Nineteenth Street.

BELL, A. MELVILLE, (Alexander Melville),
  1525 Thirty-fifth Street.

BELL, C. J. (Charles James), _a_,
  1437 Pennsylvania Avenue.

BENNETT, ASST. ENG. F. M. (Frank Marion), U. S. N.,
  Navy Department.

BERNADOU, ENS. J. B. (Jean Baptiste), U. S. N., _c_,
  Navy Department.

BIEN, JULIUS, _a_,
  P. O. Box 3557, New York, N. Y.

BIEN, MORRIS, _a_,
  Geological Survey.

BIGELOW, PROF. FRANK H. (Frank Hagar),
  Nautical Almanac Office.

BIRCH, CHARLES E. (Charles Edwards),
  Hydrographic Office.

BIRNIE, CAPT. R., JR. (Rogers), U. S. A., _a_,
  Ordnance Office.

BLAIR, H. B. (Herbert Buxton), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

BLODGETT, JAMES H. (James Harvey), _a_,
  Census Office.

BODFISH, SUMNER H. (Sumner Homer), _a_,
  58 B Street NE.

BOURSIN, HENRY,
  Douglas City, Alaska.

*BOUTELLE, CAPT. C. O. (Charles Otis), _a_.

BOWERS, DR. STEPHEN, _c_,
  Ventura, Cal.

BRECKINRIDGE, GEN. J. C. (Joseph Cabell), U. S. A.,
  War Department.

BREWER, H. G. (Harrison Gaston), _a_,
  Hydrographic Office.

BRITTON, A. T. (Alexander Thompson),
  1419 G Street.

BUCKLEY, MISS M. L. (Margaret Lamiea),
  Bureau of Pensions.

BURNETT, CHARLES A. (Charles Albert), _c_,
  620 Burke Building, Seattle, Wash.

BURTON, PROF. A. E. (Alfred Edgar), _a_,
  Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Boston, Mass.

CAMPBELL, M. R. (Marius Robison),
  Geological Survey.

CANTWELL, LIEUT. J. C. (John Cassin), U. S. R. M., _c_,
  1818 Sacramento Street, San Francisco, Cal.

CARPENTER, H. W. (Henry Wilson),
  Geological Survey.

*CARPENTER, Z. T. (Zachary Taylor), _a_,

CHAMBERLIN, PROF. T. C. (Thomas Chrowder), _c_,
  University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis.

CHAPIN, DR. J. H. (James Henry),
  Meriden, Conn.

CHAPMAN, R. H. (Robert Hollister), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

CHATARD, DR. THOMAS M. (Thomas Marean), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

CHENERY, LIEUT. COMDR. LEONARD, U. S. N., _c_,
  University Club, New York, N. Y.

CHESTER, COMDR. C. M. (Colby Mitchel), U. S. N., _c_,
  Navy Department.

CHRISTIE, JAMES H. (James H----), _c_,
  Olga, Wash.

CHRISTIE, P. H. (Peter Harrison),
  Geological Survey.

CLARK, A. HOWARD (Alonzo Howard),
  National Museum.

CLARK, E. B. (Elias Buckner), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

CLARK, DR. WILLIAM B. (William Bullock), _c_,
  Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore. Md.

CLOVER, LIEUT. RICHARDSON, U. S. N.,
  Hydrographic Office.

COLONNA, B. A. (Benjamin Azariah),
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

COLVIN, VERPLANCK, _a_,
  Albany, N. Y.

CONANT, A. W. (Arnold William), _c_,
  Seattle, Wash.

COOK, FRED. W. (Frederick William), _c_,
  P. O. Box 140, Sault de Ste. Marie, Mich.

CORSE, WILLIAM B. (William Beverly),
  Geological Survey.

COTTMAN, LIEUT. V. L. (Vincendon Lazarus), U. S. N., _c_,
  Navy Department.

COURT, E. E. (Emil Edward),
  Hydrographic Office.

CRAVEN, LIEUT. JOHN E. (John Eccleston), U. S. N.,
  Hydrographic Office.

CROFFUT, W. A. (William Augustus),
  Geological Survey.

CUMMIN, ROBT. D. (Robert Dodge), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

CUMMINGS, PROF. G. J. (George Jotham),
  Howard University.

CUNNINGHAM, JOHN M. (John M----), _c_,
  Cosmos Club, San Francisco, Cal.

CURTIS, WILLIAM E. (William Eleroy), _a_,
  2 Lafayette Square.

DALL, WM. H. (William Healey),
  National Museum.

DALY, HON. CHARLES P. (Charles Patrick),
  84 Clinton Place, New York, N. Y.

DARTON, N. H. (Nelson Horatio),
  Geological Survey.

DAVIDGE, WALTER DORSEY, JR.,
  1 Corcoran Building.

DAVIDSON, PROF. GEORGE, _a_, _c_,
  U. S. Coast and Geodetic Survey, San Francisco, Cal.

DAVIS, A. P. (Arthur Powell), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

DAVIS, PROF. W. M. (William Morris), _a_,
  2 Bond Street, Cambridge, Mass.

DAWSON, MISS A. B. (Annie Beatrice),
  Geological Survey.

DAY, DR. DAVID T. (David Talbot),
  Geological Survey.

DENNY, A. A. (Arthur Armstrong), _c_,
  1328 Front Street, Seattle, Wash.

DIEBITSCH, EMIL,
  District Engineer Department.

DILLER, J. S. (Joseph Silas), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

DOBBINS, J. W. (John William),
  U. S. Geological Survey, Lamar, Colo.

DOUGLAS, E. M. (Edward Morehouse), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

DOW, CAPT. JOHN M. (John Melmoth),
  83 W. Seventy-first Street, New York, N. Y.

DUNNINGTON, A. F (Abner F), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

DURAND, JOHN,
  164 Bd. Montparnasse, Paris, France.

DUTTON, MAJ. C. E. (Clarence Edward), U. S. A., _a_,
  Ordnance Office.

DYER, LIEUT. G. L. (George Leland), U. S. N.,
  Navy Department.

EDMANDS, PROF. J. RAYNER (John Rayner),
  Harvard University, Cambridge, Mass.

EDSON, JOHN JOY,
  1003 F Street.

EDSON, JOSEPH R. (Joseph Romanzo), _a_,
  1003 F Street.

EELLS, CHARLES P. (Charles P----), _c_,
  Pacific-Union Club, San Francisco, Cal.

EIMBECK, WILLIAM,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

ELDRIDGE, G. H. (George Homans),
  Geological Survey.

ELIOT, CHARLES,
  50 State Street, Boston, Mass.

ELLICOTT, ENS. JOHN M. (John Morris), U. S. N.,
  Office of Naval Intelligence.

EMMONS, LIEUT. GEO. T. (George Thornton), U. S. N.,
  Navy Department.

EVANS, H. C. (Henry Cotheal),
  804 Eleventh Street.

FAIRCHILD, PROF. H. L. (Herman LeRoy), _c_,
  University of Rochester, Rochester, N. Y.

FAIRFIELD, GEORGE A. (George Albert), _a_,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

FAIRFIELD, W. B. (Walter Browne), _a_,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

FARENHOLT, LT. COMDR. O. W. (Oscar W----), U. S. N.,
  Navy Department.

FARMER, R. A. (Robert Andrews),
  Geological Survey.

FERNOW, B. E. (Bernhard Eduard), _a_,
  Department of Agriculture.

FEUSIER, H. E. CLERMONT (Henry Edward Clermont),
  Geological Survey.

FISCHER, ERNST G. (Ernst George), _a_,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

FISCHER, L. A. (Louis Albert),
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

FITCH, C. H. (Charles Hall), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

FLETCHER, LIEUT. F. F. (Frank Friday), U. S. N.,
  Navy Department.

FLETCHER, L. C. (Louis Cass), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

FLETCHER, DR. ROBERT, _a_,
  Army Medical Museum.

FLINT, COL. WESTON,
  1101 K Street.

FLOYD, FRED. W. (Frederick William),
  539 W. Twentieth Street, New York, N. Y.

FOOT, SAM'L A. (Samuel Alfred),
  Geological Survey.

FOSTER, PROF. RICHARD,
  Howard University.

FRASER, DANIEL,
  458 Pennsylvania Avenue.

GAGE, N. P. (Nathaniel Parker), _a_,
  Seaton School

GANNETT, HENRY, _a_,
  Geological Survey.

GANNETT, MRS. HENRY (Mary Chase),
  1881 Harewood Avenue.

GANNETT, S. S. (Samuel Stinson), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

GILBERT, G. K. (Grove Karl), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

GILL, DELANCEY W. (DeLancey Walker),
  Geological Survey.

GILL, WILSON L. (Wilson Lindsley), _c_,
  Room 57, 115 Broadway, New York, N. Y.

GILMAN, DR. DANIEL C. (Daniel Coit), _a_,
  Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Md.

GILMAN, D. H. (Daniel H----), _c_,
  Seattle, Wash.

GOLDIE, R. H. (Robert Henry), _c_,
  P. O. Box 1110, Seattle, Wash.

GOODE, DR. G. BROWN (George Brown), _a_,
  National Museum.

GOODE, R. U. (Richard Urquhart), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

GOODFELLOW, EDWARD, _a_,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

GOODISON, PROF. JOHN,
  State Normal School, Ypsilanti, Mich.

GORHAM, GEO. C. (George Congdon),
  929 New York Avenue.

GRAHAM, ANDREW B. (Andrew Butler),
  1230 Pennsylvania Avenue.

GRANGER, F. D. (Frank DeWolf),
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

GREELY, GEN. A. W. (Adolphus Washington), U. S. A., _a_,
  Army Signal Office.

GRISWOLD, W. T. (William Tudor), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

GROEGER, G. G. (Gustaf George), _c_,
  310 Chamber of Commerce Building, Chicago, Ill.

GULLIVER, F. P. (Frederic Putnam),
  Geological Survey.

HACKETT, M. (Merrill), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

HALE, L. P. (Ledyard Park), _c_,
  Canton, N. Y.

HARRIS, DR. T. W. (Thaddeus William),
  Harvard University, Cambridge, Mass.

HARRISON, D. C. (Dabney Carr), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

HARRISON, PROF. T. F. (Thomas F----), _c_,
  806 Broadway, New York, N. Y.

HARROD, MAJ. B. M. (Benjamin Morgan),
  City Engineer's Office, New Orleans, La.

HART, PROF. ALBERT BUSHNELL,
  Harvard University, Cambridge, Mass.

HASBROUCK, E. M. (Edwin Marble),
  Census Office.

HASKELL, E. E. (Eugene Elwin), _a_,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

HAWKINS, GEO. T. (George Thomson),
  Geological Survey.

HAYDEN, EVERETT, U. S. N., _a_,
  Hydrographic Office.

HAYES, DR. C. WILLARD (Charles Willard),
  Geological Survey.

HAYS, J. W. (John Willis),
  Geological Survey.

HAZARD, D. L. (Daniel Lyman),
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

HEATON, A. G. (Augustus George),
  1618 Seventeenth Street.

HENRY, A. J. (Alfred Judson), _a_,
  Army Signal Office.

HENSHAW, H. W. (Henry Wetherbee), _a_,
  Bureau of Ethnology.

HERRLE, G. (Gustave), _a_,
  Hydrographic Office.

HERRON, WM. H. (William Harrison), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

HILL, PROF. R. T. (Robert Thomas),
  P. O. Box 567, Austin, Texas.

HINMAN, RUSSELL,
  806 Broadway, New York, N. Y.

HITCHCOCK, PROF. C. H. (Charles Henry), _c_,
  Dartmouth College, Hanover, N. H.

HODGKINS, PROF. H. L. (Howard Lincoln), _a_,
  Columbian University.

HODGKINS, W. C. (William Candler),
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

HOLDEN, PROF. E. S. (Edward Singleton), _c_,
  Lick Observatory, Mount Hamilton, Cal.

HOLDEN, MRS. L. E. (Delia E----), _c_,
  The Hollenden, Cleveland, O.

HOLLERITH, HERMAN,
  501 F Street.

HORNADAY, W. T. (William Temple), _a_,
  44 Niagara Street, Buffalo, N. Y.

HOSKINS, PROF. L. M. (Leander Miller), _c_,
  University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis.

HOSMER, EDWARD STURGES,
  1330 L Street.

HOTCHKISS, MAJ. JED. (Jedediah),
  346 E. Beverly Street, Staunton, Va.

HOWARD, ENS. W. L. (William Laurestien), U. S. N., _c_,
  Navy Department.

HOWELL, E. E. (Edwin Eugene), _a_, _c_,
  48 Oxford Street, Rochester, N. Y.

HOWELL, D. J. (David Janney), _a_,
  918 F Street.

HUBBARD, GARDINER G. (Gardiner Greene), _a_,
  1328 Connecticut Avenue.

HYDE, G. E. (George Edwin),
  Geological Survey.

HYDE, JOHN,
  Census Office.

IARDELLA, C. T. (Charles Thaddeus), _a_,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

INGRAHAM, E. S. (Edward S----), _c_,
  Seattle, Wash.

JENNEY, PROF. W. P. (Walter Proctor),
  Geological Survey.

JENNINGS, J. H. (James Henry), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

JEWETT, W. P. (William Parker), _c_,
  180 E. Third Street, St. Paul, Minn.

JOHNSON, MISS ALICE BURGES,
  501 Maple Avenue.

JOHNSON, A. B. (Arnold Burges), _a_,
  Light House Board.

JOHNSON, E. KURTZ (Erastus Kurtz),
  1600 Massachusetts Avenue.

JOHNSON, H. W. (Harry Woodruff),
  805 H Street.

JOHNSON, J. B. (James Bowen),
  Howard University.

JOHNSON, REV. J. G. (James Gibson),
  381 Dearborn Avenue, Chicago, Ill.

JOHNSON, JEROME F. (Jerome Fletcher),
  1326 F Street.

JOHNSON, DR. JOSEPH TABER,
  1728 K Street.

JOHNSON, S. P. (Stuart Phelps),
  Geological Survey.

JOHNSON, WILLARD D. (Willard Drake), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

JUDD, JOHN G. (John Gough),
  420 Eleventh Street.

JUDSON, EGBERT, _c_,
  402 Front Street, San Francisco, Cal.

JUNKEN, CHARLES,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

JUNKEN, CHAS. A. (Charles Alexander),
  Army Ordnance Office.

JÜSSEN, EDMUND,
  Geological Survey.

KARL, ANTON, _a_,
  Geological Survey.

KAUFFMANN, S. H. (Samuel Hay), _a_,
  1421 Massachusetts Avenue.

KAVANAUGH, MISS K. (Katherine),
  Sixth Auditor's Office.

KENASTON, PROF. C. A. (Carlos Albert), _a_,
  Howard University.

KENNAN, GEORGE, _a_,
  1318 Massachusetts Avenue.

KENNEDY, DR. GEO. G. (George Golding), _l_,
  284 Warren Street, Roxbury, Mass.

KENNON, LIEUT. L. W. V. (Lyman Walter Vere), U. S. A.,
  War Department.

KERR, H. S. (Halbert Stevens), _c_,
  Salt Lake City, Utah.

KERR, MARK B. (Mark Brickell), _a_,
  402 Front Street, San Francisco, Cal.

KIMBALL, E. F. (Edward Fenno),
  Post Office Department.

KIMBALL, DR. E. S. (Edward Sullivan),
  713 Twelfth Street.

KIMBALL, S. I. (Sumner Increase), _a_,
  Life Saving Service.

KING, PROF. F. H. (Franklin Hiram),
  University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis.

KING, PROF. HARRY, _a_,
  Geological Survey.

KING, WM. B. (William Bruce),
  P. O. Box 593.

KING, WILLIAM R. (William Robinson),
  Department of Agriculture.

KLAKRING, ALFRED,
  Hydrographic Office.

KNAPP, HON. LYMAN E. (Lyman Enos),
  Sitka, Alaska.

KNIGHT, FRED. J. (Frederick Jay), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

KOCH, PETER, _a_,
  Bozeman, Mont.

KRAMER, WILLIAM,
  Geological Survey.

KÜBEL, S. J. (Stephen Joseph),
  Geological Survey.

LACKLAND, W. E. (William Eason), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

LADD, G. E. (George Edgar),
  State Geological Survey, Jefferson City, Mo.

LAMBERT, M. B. (Marcus Bachman),
  Geological Survey.

LAMBORN, DR. ROBERT H. (Robert Henry),
  32 Nassau Street, New York, N. Y.

LEACH, BOYNTON,
  Hydrographic Office.

LINDENKOHL, A. (Adolphus), _a_,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

LINDENKOHL, H. (Henry), _a_,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

LIPPINCOTT, J. BARLOW (Joseph Barlow),
  Geological Survey.

LITTLEHALES, G. W. (George Washington),
  Hydrographic Office.

LONGSTREET, R. LEE (Robert Lee), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

LOOKER, HENRY B. (Henry Brigham),
  918 F Street.

LOOMIS, HENRY B. (Henry Bradford), _c_,
  Seattle, Wash.

LOVELL, W. H. (William Henry),
  Geological Survey.

LYONS, JOSEPH,
  1003 F Street.

MCCARTENEY, LIEUT. CHAS. M. (Charles Macklin), U. S. N.,
  Hydrographic Office.

MCCORMICK, JAMES,
  Geological Survey.

MCDONALD, COL. MARSHALL,
  Fish Commission.

MCDOWELL, W. O. (William Osborne), _c_,
  20 Spruce Street, Newark, N. J.

MCGEE, W J, _a_,
  Geological Survey.

MCGILL, MISS MARY C. (Mary Cecelia),
  336 C Street.

MCKEE, REDICK H. (Redick Henry), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

MCKINNEY, R. C. (Robert Christian), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

MCLAUGHLIN, DR. T. N. (Thomas Notley),
  825 Fourteenth Street.

MACKAYE, J. M. (James Medbery),
  Census Office.

MAHER, JAMES A. (James Arran), _a_,
  P. O. Box 35, Johnson City, Tenn.

MANNING, VAN. H. JR. (Vannoy Hartrog), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

MARINDIN, HENRY L. (Henry Louis),
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

MARSHALL, R. B. (Robert Bradford),
  Geological Survey.

MASON, PROF. O. T. (Otis Tufton),
  National Museum.

MATTHEWS, DR. W. (Washington), U. S. A., _a_,
  Fort Wingate, N. M.

MEANY, EDWARD S. (Edward S----), _c_,
  Seattle, Wash.

MELVILLE, ENG. IN CHIEF GEO. W. (George Wallace), U. S. N., _a_, _l_,
  Navy Department.

MENDENHALL, PROF. T. C. (Thomas Corwin),
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

MENOCAL, CIV. ENG. A. G. (Aniceto Garcia), U. S. N., _a_,
  Navy Department.

MERRIAM, DR. C. HART (Clinton Hart), _a_,
  Department of Agriculture.

MERRILL, PROF. J. A. (James Andrew), _c_,
  State Normal School, Warrensburg, Mo.

METZGER, F. P. (Frederick Philip),
  Geological Survey.

MINDELEFF, COSMOS,
  Bureau of Ethnology.

MINDELEFF, VICTOR,
  Room 55, 918 F Street.

MITCHELL, PROF. HENRY, _a_,
  18 Hawthorne Street, Roxbury, Mass.

MITCHELL, J. W. (John William),
  3234 N Street.

MOSMAN, A. T. (Alonzo Tyler), _a_,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

MUIR, PROF. JOHN,
  Martinez, Cal.

MUNSON, T. V. (Thomas Volney), _c_,
  P. O. Drawer M, Denison, Tex.

MURLIN, A. E. (Arlington Elliott),
  Geological Survey.

NATTER, E. W. F. (Ernst Wilhelm Franz), _a_,
  Readville, Mass.

NELL, LOUIS (Louis Maximilian), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

NEWELL, F. H. (Frederick Haynes),
  Geological Survey.

NILES, PROF. WM. H. (William Harmon),
  Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Boston, Mass.

NOETZEL, G. (Gregor),
  Hydrographic Office.

NORDHOFF, CHARLES, _a_,
  Ensenada, Lower California, _via_ San Diego, Cal.

NORMAN-NERUDA, L. (Louis), _c_,
  Devonshire Club, St. James Street, London, England.

OGDEN, HERBERT G. (Herbert Gouverneur), _a_,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

O'HALORAN, T. M. (Thomas Michael),
  Hydrographic Office.

O'HARE, DANIEL P. (Daniel Patrick),
  Geological Survey.

OTIS, WILLIAM H. (William Hartshorn),
  U. S. Geological Survey, Lamar, Colo.

OSBORN, LIEUT. A. P. (Arthur Patterson), U. S. N., _c_,
  Navy Department.

PALMER, T. S. (Theodore Sherman),
  Department of Agriculture.

PARKER, E. W. (Edward Wheeler),
  Geological Survey.

PARSON, REV. W. E. (William Edwin),
  309 New Jersey Avenue SE.

PARSONS, FRANCIS H. (Francis Henry), _a_,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

PEALE, DR. A. C. (Albert Charles), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

PEARY, CIV. ENG. R. E. (Robert Edwin), U. S. N.,
  League Island Navy Yard, Philadelphia, Pa.

PELLEW, HENRY E. (Henry Edward),
  1637 Massachusetts Avenue.

PENROSE, R. A. F., JR. (Richard Alexander Fuller),
  State Geological Survey, Little Rock, Ark.

PERKINS, E. T., JR. (Edmund Taylor), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

PETERS, LIEUT. G. H. (George Henry), U. S. N., _a_,
  Navy Department.

PETERS, WILLIAM J. (William John), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

PHELAN, W. W. (Warren Waverley), _c_,
  108 S. Fifth Street, Brooklyn, N. Y.

PHILLIPS, R. HENRY (Robert Henry),
  Room 110, 1419 New York Avenue.

PICKERING, PROF. E. C. (Edward Charles),
  Harvard Observatory, Cambridge, Mass.

PICKING, CAPT. HENRY F. (Henry Forry), U. S. N.,
  Tompkinsville, N. Y.

PIERCE, JOSIAH, JR.,
  Cosmos Club.

PIPER, CHARLES V. (Charles V----), _c_,
  Seattle, Wash.

POWELL, MAJ. J. W. (John Wesley), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

POWELL, PROF. W. B. (William Bramwell), _a_,
  Franklin School.

PRENTISS, DR. D. WEBSTER, (Daniel Webster), _a_,
  1101 Fourteenth Street.

PRINCE, HON. L. BRADFORD (L---- Bradford), _c_,
  Santa Fé, N. M.

PROCTER, PROF. JOHN R. (John Robert), _c_,
  State Geological Survey, Frankfort, Ky.

PUMPELLY, PROF. RAPHAEL,
  U. S. Geological Survey, Newport, R. I.

RANKIN, DR. J. E. (Jeremiah Eames),
  Howard University.

REID, PROF. HARRY FIELDING, _c_,
  Case School of Applied Science, Cleveland, O.

RENSHAWE, JNO. H. (John Henry), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

RICE, PROF. WILLIAM NORTH, _c_,
  Wesleyan University, Middletown, Conn.

RICHMOND, CHAS. W. (Charles Wallace),
  Department of Agriculture.

RICHTER, MISS C. M. (Clara Marie),
  Dead Letter Office

RICKSECKER, EUGENE, _a_, _c_,
  P. O. Box 289, Seattle, Wash.

RITTER, H. P. (Homer Peter), _a_,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

ROBBINS, PROF. A. G. (Arthur Graham), _c_,
  Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Boston, Mass.

ROBERTS, A. C. (Arthur Carr), _a_,
  Hydrographic Office.

ROCHESTER, GEN. WM. B. (William Beatty), U. S. A.,
  1320 Eighteenth Street.

ROCK, MILES,
  1430 Chapin Street.

RODMAN, ENS. HUGH, U. S. N.,
  Naval Observatory.

ROGERS, JNO. B. (John Baxter), _c_,
  79 Flood Building, San Francisco, Cal.

ROSSE, DR. IRVING C. (Irving Collins),
  1701 H Street.

ROTCH, A. LAWRENCE (Abbott Lawrence),
  3 Commonwealth Avenue, Boston, Mass.

RUSSELL, ISRAEL C. (Israel Cook), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

SARGENT, PROF. C. S. (Charles Sprague), _a_,
  Arnold Arboretum, Brookline, Mass.

SCHAAP, C. H. (Christian Henry), _c_,
  P. O. Box 32, Sitka, Alaska.

SCHLEY, CAPT. W. S. (Winfield Scott), U. S. N., _a_,
  Navy Department.

SCHMIDT, FRED. A. (Frederick Andrew),
  504 Ninth Street.

SCIDMORE, MISS ELIZA RUHAMAH,
  1502 Twenty-first Street.

SCUDDER, PROF. S. H. (Samuel Hubbard), _a_,
  Cambridge, Mass.

SHALER, PROF. N. S. (Nathaniel Southgate), _a_,
  25 Quincy Street, Cambridge, Mass.

SHEPARD, J. L. N. (J---- L---- N----), _c_,
  402 Front Street, San Francisco, Cal.

SINCLAIR, C. H. (Cephas Hempstone),
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

SINCLAIR, J. C. (John Collins),
  718 Arch Street, Philadelphia, Pa.

SLOAN, ROBERT S. (Robert Sage), _c_,
  Oswego, N. Y.

SMITH, EDWIN, _a_,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

SMITH, REV. ERNEST C. (Ernest C----), _c_,
  Lake View and Baxter Streets, Seattle, Wash.

SMITH, EVERETT, _c_,
  526 Burke Building, Seattle, Wash.

SMITH, MIDDLETON, _a_,
  P. O. Box 572.

SNELL, MERWIN-MARIE (Merwin-Marie Fitzporter),
  Catholic University of America.

SOMMER, E. J. (Ernest Julius), _a_,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

SPENCER, JAS. W. (James William),
  Geological Survey.

STANLEY-BROWN, JOSEPH,
  Geological Survey.

STEDMAN, J. M. (John Moore),
  Department of Agriculture.

STEIN, ROBERT,
  Geological Survey.

STOCKTON, LT. COMDR. C. H. (Charles Herbert), U. S. N., _a_,
  Navy Department.

STONE, JAMES S. (James Savage), _c_,
  131 Vernon Street, Newton, Mass.

STRUVE, HENRY G. (Henry G----), _c_,
  Seattle, Wash.

SUTTON, FRANK,
  Geological Survey.

TARBELL, L. L. (Luther Lewis), _c_,
  Custom House, Boston, Mass.

TAYLOR, JAS. L. (James Lochermann),
  1300 Pennsylvania Avenue.

THOMAS, MISS MARY VON E. (Mary von Erden), _a_,
  69 Clinton Street, Cincinnati, O.

THOMPSON, PROF. A. H. (Almon Harris), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

THOMPSON, GILBERT, _a_,
  Geological Survey.

THOMPSON, LAURENCE, _a_,
  Care H. S. Huson, N. P. R. R., Tacoma, Wash.

THOMPSON, CAPT. R. E. (Richard Edward), U. S. A., _a_,
  Army Signal Office.

TITTMANN, O. H. (Otto Hilgard), _a_,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

TOWSON, R. M. (Richard Mathew), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

TUTTLE, PROF. A. H. (Alfred H----), _c_,
  Charlottesville, Va.

TWEEDY, FRANK, _a_,
  Geological Survey.

URQUHART, CHAS. F. (Charles Fox), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

VAN HISE, PROF. C. R. (Charles Richard), _l_,
  U. S. Geological Survey, Madison, Wis.

VASEY, DR. GEORGE, _a_,
  Department of Agriculture.

VINAL, W. IRVING (Washington Irving), _a_,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

VON HAAKE, A. (Adolph),
  Post Office Department.

WADDEY, JOHN A. (John Alby),
  Hydrographic Office.

WALCOTT, CHAS. D. (Charles Doolittle), _a_.
  National Museum.

WALLACE, HAMILTON S. (Hamilton Stone), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

WANAMAKER, HON. JOHN,
  Post Office Department.

WARD, DILLIS B. (Dillis B----), _c_,
  Seattle, Wash.

WARD, PROF. HENRY A. (Henry Augustus), _c_,
  16 College Avenue, Rochester, N. Y.

WARD, LESTER F. (Lester Frank), _a_,
  National Museum.

WARDER, B. H. (Benjamin Head),
  1515 K Street.

WEED, WALTER HARVEY, _a_,
  Geological Survey.

WEIR, JOHN B. (John Bradford), _a_,
  The Clarendon.

WELLING, DR. JAMES C. (James Clarke), _a_,
  Columbian University.

WEST, PRESTON C. F. (Preston Carpenter Firth), _c_,
  Calumet, Mich.

WHITE, DR. C. H. (Charles Henry), U. S. N.,
  Care A. B. Gilman, Bradford, Mass.

WHITING, HENRY L. (Henry Laurens),
  U. S. Coast and Geodetic Survey, West Tisbury, Mass.

WILDER, GEN. J. T. (John Thomas), _a_, _l_,
  Johnson City, Tenn.

WILDER, MISS MARY,
  Johnson City, Tenn.

WILLENBÜCHER, EUGENE,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

WILLENBÜCHER, W. C. (William Christian),
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

WILLIAMS, C. A. (Charles Augustus),
  1301 Eighteenth Street.

WILLIAMS, WILLIAM, _c_,
  University Club, New York, N. Y.

WILLIS, BAILEY, _a_,
  Geological Survey.

WILLIS, MRS. BAILEY (Altona H. Grinnell),
  1006 Twenty-second Street.

WILLITS, HON. EDWIN,
  Department of Agriculture.

WILSON, H. M. (Herbert Michael), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

WIMPFFEN, L. F. V. (Lebrecht Felix von),
  Hydrographic Office.

WINCHELL, PROF. N. H. (Newton Horace), _c_,
  120 State Street, Minneapolis, Minn.

*WINDOM, HON. WILLIAM.

WINSLOW, PROF. ARTHUR,
  State Geological Survey, Jefferson City, Mo.

WINSTON, ISAAC,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

WOODWARD, R. S. (Robert Simpson), _a_,
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.

WRIGHT, ENS. BENJAMIN, U. S. N.,
  Hydrographic Office.

YEATES, CHAS. M. (Charles Marion), _a_,
  Geological Survey.

YOUNG, F. A. (Frederic Albert),
  Coast and Geodetic Survey.


_Summary_.

  Active members,         324
  Corresponding members,   70
  Life members,             5
    Total.                399




INDEX TO VOLUMES I AND II.


(An * signifies that articles are referred to by title only.)


_Abbe, Cleveland_. *Climate of Samoa, I 272
  *Expedition to the West Coast of Africa, II 295

Across Nicaragua with transit and machéte (_Peary_), I 272, 315

Africa. Exhibition of West Coast of, II 295
  its past and future (_Hubbard_), I 99
  slave trade in, I 112

Alaska, Arctic cruise of the Thetis in 1889, II 171
  A trip up the Yukon river (_Russell_), II 67

America. International literary contest to be held on the 4th
      centennial anniversary, etc., I 273

Announcement, I i.; II 287

d'Anville's references to Bering's voyage of 1725-30, II 125

Appalachian mountain drainage, I 183

Arctic cruise of the Thetis in 1889, II 68, 171

*Armenia, Turkish Rule in, II 290

Asheville, (N. C.), round about (_Willis_), I 271, 291

*Asia, its past and present (_Hubbard_), II 68

Atlantic coast storm of March 11-14, 1888 (_Greely_), I 37
    (_Hayden_), I 40

*Atlantic, Icebergs and Field ice in, II 291
  Law of storms considered with special reference to the north
      Atlantic (_Hayden_), II 199


_Baker, Marcus_. *Surveys, their kinds and purposes, I 269
  Alleged observation of a lunar eclipse by Bering in 1728-29, II 167
  Geographic nomenclature, II 272, 290

_Bartlett, J. R._ *Physical geography of the sea, I 87

_Bell, A. G._ *The Krakatoa eruption, I 272, 290

_Bering, Vitus_. His first expedition, 1725-30, with translation of
      his original report (_Dall_), II 111
  Determination of longitude by the moon and by eclipses, II 113
  Instruments and methods during his first expedition of 1725-30,
      II 113
  Lunar eclipse said to have been observed by him in 1728-29,
      II 114, 167
  Sources of information relating to his voyage of 1725-30, II 118
  Instructions from Peter the Great, relating to his expedition of
      1725-30, II 135
  Original report on his expedition to the eastern coast of Siberia,
      II 135
  Geographical positions recorded by Bering, 1725-30, II 144, 160
  Itinerary of his expedition of 1725-30, II 145
  Synopsis of his first voyage, II 146
  Resumé of the results of his first voyage, II 162

_Bernadou, J. B._ Korea and the Koreans, with map, II 231, 291

_Bigelow, F. H._ *Expedition to the West Coast of Africa, II 295

Biology in its relations to the work of the National Geographic
      Society (_Merriam_), I 160

Brazilian coast, telegraphic longitude determinations, II 17

Bureau of Navigation. Telegraphic determinations of longitude, II 1


Cadastre defined, II 246

California, irrigation in, I 270, 277
  *north winds of (_Gilbert_), I 88

Cambrian. *The Continent during the, II 295

*Canada, the great plains of (_Kenaston_), I 270

*Canton, a glimpse of Chinese life in, II 68

Central American interoceanic canal routes, I 301
  telegraphic longitude determinations, II 22

Charts illustrating the storm of March 11-14, 1888, on the Atlantic
      coast, I 58

_Chattelaine, Heli_. *Expedition to the West Coast of Africa, II 295

China, Japan and East Indies, telegraphic longitude determinations in,
      II 21

*China, and Thibet, Journey in, II 291

*Chinese life in Canton (_Hitchcock_), II 68

Classification of geographic forms, I 30, 36
    by genesis, I 27, 88
  of rivers (_Davis_), II 81
  *of topographic forms (_Gilbert_), I 88

Coast survey of the United States, I 59

Contour and hachure drawing, examples of, I 268

_Curtis, W. E._ *Patagonia, I 87
  *Recent events in the United States of Colombia, I 272


_Dall, W. H._ Critical review of Bering's first expedition 1725-30,
      II 68, 111

Darien, a trip to Panama and, I 301

_Davis, W. M._ Geographic methods in geologic investigation, I 11, 88
  Rivers and valleys of Pennsylvania, I 183, 271
  Rivers of northern New Jersey with notes on the general
      classification of rivers, II 68, 81
  Topographic models, I 271

Drainage of Pennsylvania (_Davis_), I 183
  of northern New Jersey, II 81
  systems classified, I 35

Depths of oceans, I 149

DuHalde's references to Bering's voyage of 1725-30, II 118

_Dutton, C. E._ *The Hawaiian Islands, II 295

_Dyer, G. L._ Geography of the sea--a report of progress, I 136


East Indies, China and Japan, telegraphic longitude determinations
      II 21

Eclipse of the moon said to have been observed by Bering in his
      expedition of 1725-30, II 114, 167

_Ellicott, J. M._ *Surveys Executed by the U. S. S. Ranger in Lower
      California, II 293

English-Russian transliteration, II 285

Eskimos of Point Hope, Alaska, traditions of, II 195

Exploration of Mt. St. Elias, II 288


_Finley, J. P._ *Something about tornadoes, I 269

French Broad valley (N. C.), I 291


_Gannett, Henry_. *Physical statistics relating to Massachusetts,
      I 269
  The survey and map of Massachusetts, I 78, 88

_Garabed, H._ Discussion on Turkish Rule in Armenia, II 290

*Gas and Oil in the United States, II 295

Genesis of geographic forms as a means of classification, I 27

Geodetic survey of the United States, I 69

Geographic forms classified by genesis, I 27, 30
  knowledge, historical sketch by _G. G. Hubbard_, I 3
  methods in geologic investigation (_Davis_), I 11, 88
  names, rules for orthography of, I 279
  nomenclature, II 261, 290
  *triangulation (_Johnson_), I 88

Geographical positions determined by Bering during his voyage,
      1725-30, II 144, 160

Geography of the air--a report of progress (_Greely_), I 151;
      II 49, 68
  of the land--a report of progress (_Ogden_), I 125; II 31
  of life--a report of progress (_Merriam_), I 160
  of the sea--a report of progress (_Dyer_), I 136
  systematic, I 11, 27

Geologic investigation by geographic methods (_Davis_), I 11
  processes classified, I 30

Geological history of Pennsylvania, I 183

Geomorphology, I 27

_Gilbert, G. K._ *Classification of topographic forms, I 88
  *North winds of California, I 88

_Goode, R. U._ A trip to Panama and Darien, I 271, 301

Great Britain, Ordnance Survey, its history and object, II 243, 292

_Greely, A. W._ Geography of the air--a report of progress, I 151;
      II 49, 68, 295
  The great storm of March 11-14, 1888, I 37, 88

Green river in the Uinta mountains, its development (_Powell_), II 100


Hachure and contour drawing, examples of, I 268

_Hall, W. H._ Irrigation in California, I 270, 277

Harris' references to Bering's voyage of 1725-30, II 121

*Hawaiian Islands, II 295

_Hayden, E._ Law of storms considered with special reference to the
      north Atlantic, II 67, 199
  The great storm off the Atlantic coast March 11-14, 1888, I 40, 88
  *Report on the Department of the Sea,  II 294
  *Samoa; general geography, hydrography, I 227

Herald Island, Arctic ocean, with plate, II 193

_Herrle, Gustave_. Geographic nomenclature, II 265, 290
  Rules for the orthography of geographic names, II 279

Herschel island, Mackenzie bay, II 188

_Hitchcock, Romyn_. *A glimpse of Chinese life in Canton, II 68

*House life in Mexico (_Johnson_), I 272

_Hubbard, G. G._ *Asia, its past and present, II 68
  Africa, its past and future, I 99
  Progress in geographic study. Introductory address, I 3
  *South America, II 293

Hurricanes off the Atlantic coast (_Hayden_), II 199
  of West India, II 203
  of Nov. 25, 1888, with map, II 204
  St. Thomas hurricane of Sept. 3-12, 1889, II 205


*Icebergs and Field Ice in the North Atlantic, II 291

Imperial German Hydrographic office, rules for orthography of
      geographic names, II 282

International literary contest to be held at Madrid, I 273
  simultaneous meteorological reports, I 155

Interoceanic canal routes of Central America, I 301
  of Nicaragua, I 315

Introductory address by _G. G. Hubbard_, II 3

Irrigation in California (_Hall_), I 270, 277
  problem in Montana (_Wilson_), II 67, 212


Japan, China and East Indies. Telegraphic longitude determinations,
      II 21

_Johnson, A. B._ *House life in Mexico, I 272

_Johnson, W. D._ *Geographic triangulation, I 88


Kamchatka, Bering's voyage to, II 114
  Eclipse of the moon said to have been observed there by Bering
      1728-29, II 114, 167
  Geographical positions determined by Bering, 1725-30, II 144, 160

_Kenaston, C. A._ *The great plains of Canada, I 270

_Kerr, Mark B._ *Survey of Mason and Dixon's line, I 271
  *Surveys about Mt. St. Elias, II 293

_Klemm, L. R._ *A New Method of Developing Geographic Facts and
      Teaching, II 290

Korea and the Koreans, with map (_Bernadou_), II 231, 291

*Krakatoa eruption (_Bell_), I 272


Law of storms (_Hayden_), II 199

Lectures under the Auspices of the National Geographic Society, II 289

Leon cathedral Nicaragua, colored plate, I 318

Literary contest, international, to be held at Madrid, Spain, I 273

Longitude determinations by telegraph in China, Japan and East Indies,
      II 21
  in the West Indies, II 5
  on the east coast of South America, II 17
  by Bureau of Navigation, II 1
  determined by the moon by Bering, II 113

_Lorlng, G. B._ *The Kingdom of Portugal, II 295

*Lower California, Surveys in, II 293

Lunar eclipse said to have been observed by Bering in 1728-29
      (_Baker_), II 114, 167


_McGee, W J_ Classification of geographic forms by genesis, I 27, 88

Machéte, across Nicaragua with transit and, I 315

Managers, Standing Rules of the Board of, II 308

*Mason and Dixon's line, survey of (_Kerr_), I 271

*Massachusetts, physical statistics relating to (_Gannett_), I 269
  survey and map of, I 78

Map making, scales for, II 251, 252
    among the Koreans, II 231
  and survey of Massachusetts, I 78
  of the United States in relief (Plate), I 268
  showing topography about Asheville, N. C., I 300
  showing profile of Panama canal, I 314
  showing sketch of Panama canal and railroad, I 314

_Meade, R. W._ Narrative of a cruise among the islands of Samoa, I 272

_Merriam, C. H._ Geography of life--a report of progress, I 160;
      II 294

Meteorological reports, international, simultaneous, I 155

Meteorology--See: Geography of the air, hurricanes and storm.

*Mexico, house life in (_Johnson_), I 272

_Mindeleff, Cosmos_. Topographic models, I 254, 269

Mississippi river improvements, II 42
  valley rainfall and river outflow, II 56

Montana, irrigation problem (_Wilson_), II 212
  resources, topography, climate, etc., II 212

Models, topographic, I 254

*Mongolia, China and Thibet, A Journey Through, II 291

Muller's references to Bering's voyage of 1725-30, II 127

Mt. St. Elias, Expedition to, II 288, 293
  Exploration of, II 297, 302


National Geographic Society:--
  Organization and purpose, I  1, 3
  Certificate of incorporation, I 89, 167
  By-Laws, I 90, 169, 271; II 305
    Amendment to, II 290, 294
  National Geographic Magazine, its purpose, etc., I 1
  National Geographic Magazine, Change of Form of, II 287
  Preparation of a physical atlas of the United States, I 1
  Abstract of proceedings, I   87, 269; II 67, 290
  Report of Recording Secretary, I 164; II 66, 296
  Report of the Treasurer, I 163; II 64, 299
  Rules Relating to Publication, II 311
  Rules, Standing, of the Board of Managers, II 308
  List of officers, I 93, 163, 270; II 68, 69, 315
  List of members, I 94, 172; II 70, 316

National surveys, II 243

_Newell, F. H._ *Natural Gas and Oil in the Eastern United States,
      II 295

New Jersey. Drainage of northern New Jersey, II 81
  Peneplains and pastplains, II 85
  *The rivers of northern New Jersey (_Davis_), II 68, 81
  topography of, II 85

Nicaragua canal routes, I 315, 336

_Norris, J. A._ Telegraphic determinations of longitude by the Bureau
      of Navigation, II 1, 67

North Carolina. Topography about Asheville, I 291

*North winds of California (_Gilbert_), I 88


Ocean depths, I 149

Oceanic circulation, present state of our knowledge, I 140

Officers, Election of, II 294

_Ogden, H. G._ Geography of the land--a report of progress, I 125;
      II 68, 295
  Geographic nomenclature, II 261, 290
  *The survey of the United States coast, I 59, 88

*Oil in the United States, II 295

Oil used to prevent heavy broken seas during storm of March 11-14,
      1888, I 55

Ordnance survey of Great Britain, its history and object (_Pierce_),
      II 243, 292

Organization and purpose of the National Geographic Society, I i, 3

Orthography of geographic names, rules for, II 279


Panama and Darien, a trip to (_Goode_), I 271, 301
  Canal Company, grant of land to, I 301
  canal and railroad, I 309
  Profile of canal, I 314

Pastplains and peneplains of New Jersey, II 85

*Patagonia. (_Curtis_), I 87

_Peary, R. E._ Across Nicaragua with transit and machéte, I 272, 315

Pelly mountains, Alaska, non-existence of, II 184

_Penck, Albrecht_. On the development of rivers, II 108

Peneplains and pastplains of New Jersey, II 85

Pennsylvania rivers and valleys (_Davis_), I 183, 271

Physical atlas of the United States, preparation of, I 1, 87

*Physical geography of the sea (_Bartlett_), I 87

Physiography of the United States (_Powell_), I 87

_Pierce, Josiah_. The Ordnance Survey of Great Britain, its history
      and object, II 243, 292

Plains, peneplains and pastplains of New Jersey, II 85, 89

*Portugal, II 295

_Powell, J. W._ Physiography of the United States, I 87
  Development of the Green river in the Uinta mountains, II 100

Publication, Rules Relating to, II 311


Rainfall and river outflow, II 54

River outflow and rainfall, II 54

Rivers and valleys of Pennsylvania (_Davis_), I 183, 271
  of northern New Jersey (_Davis_), II 68, 81
  their development (_Davis_), I 203; II 109
  their general classification (_Davis_), II 68, 81

_Rockhill, W. W._ *A Journey Through Mongolia, China and Thibet,
      II 291

_Rodman, Hugh_. *Icebergs and Field Ice in the North Atlantic, II 291

Royal Geographical Society of London, Rules for orthography of
      geographic names, II 279

Rules for the orthography of geographic names, II 279

_Russell, I. C._ *A trip up the Yukon river, Alaska, II 67
  *Exploration of Mt. St. Elias, II 293

Russian-English transliteration, II 284


_Safford, W. E._ *Home life of the Samoans and the botany of the
      islands, I 272

St. Thomas hurricane of Sept. 3-12, 1889, with plates, II 205

*Samoa, its climate (_Abbe_), I 272
  *narrative of a cruise among the islands of (_Meade_), I 272
  *General geography and hydrography of the islands and adjacent seas
      (_Hayden_), I 272

*Samoans and the botany of the islands (_Safford_), I 272

San Juan river, colored plate showing entrance to the highlands, I 315

Scales for map making, II 251, 252

Siberian towns, etc., located by Bering, 1725-30, II 144, 160

Slave trade of Africa, I 112

Société de Géographie of Paris, Rules for orthography of geographic
      names, II 281

South America, telegraphic longitude determinations along the east
      coast of, II 17
    along the west coast of, II 22
  *Presidential Address, II 293

_Stein, Robert_. *Turkish Rule in Armenia, II 290

_Stockton, C. H._ The Arctic cruise of the Thetis, 1889, (with map),
      II 68, 171

Storm of March 11-14, 1888 (_Greely_), I 37, 88
  (_Hayden_), I 40, 88

Stormpaths, geographical distribution, I 156

Storms, law of (_Hayden_), II 67, 199

Survey of the (U. S.) coasts (_Ogden_), I 59, 88
  and map of Massachusetts (_Gannett_), I 88
  (Ordnance) of Great Britain, its history and object (_Pierce_),
      II 243

Surveys, national, II 243
  *their kinds and purposes (_Baker_), I 269

Systematic geography, I 11, 27


Taku Glacier, Exhibition of Painting of, II 293

Telegraphic determinations of longitude, I 65; II 67
  by the Bureau of Navigation, II 1
  in the West Indies, II 5
  along the east coast of South America, II 17
  in China, Japan and the East Indies, II 21

Thetis, Arctic cruise of the Thetis, 1889, II 68, 171

*Thibet, Journey in, II 291

_Thompson, A. H._ Geographic nomenclature, II 277, 290

Topographic models (_Mindeleff_), I 254, 269, 271

Topography of Pennsylvania, I 183
  of Asheville, (N. C.), and vicinity, I 291
  of northern New Jersey, II 85

*Tornadoes (_Finley_), I 269

Transliteration. Russian-English and English-Russian, II 284, 285

Transit. Across Nicaragua with transit and machéte, I 315

*Turkish Rule in Armenia, II 290


U. S. Survey of the coasts, I 59

*U. S. of Colombia, recent events in (_Curtiss_), I 272


Valleys and rivers of Pennsylvania (_Davis_), I 183


_Walcott, C. D._ *The North American Continent During the Cambrian,
      II 295

West Indian hurricanes (_Hayden_), II 203

West Indies, telegraphic determinations of longitude, II 5

_Wilson, H. M._ Irrigation problem in Montana, II 67, 212

_Willis, Bailey_. Round about Asheville, N. C., I 271, 291


*Yukon river, Alaska (_Russell_), II 67






End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of The National Geographic Magazine, Vol.
II., No. 5, April, 1891, by Various

